♪ (light music) ♪
My grandson takes off from work
and he drives me all over town
to see all of my doctors,
he's a real sweetie.
Have you got everything in your purse?
I think so, yeah.
You know, I do have an
awful lot of doctors too,
at my age, yeah, you do.
He wants to make sure that
everything goes right for me
so he takes me to the doctor,
he stays there and waits and
he gets all the information,
he wants me to get better.
Let's go sit down.
Okay.
Like many elderly people,
Annie Jones is well aware
of the pitfalls of aging.
She has been diagnosed with a
number of medical conditions,
congestive heart failure,
atrial fibrillation,
COPD, osteoporosis, arthritis
and chronic kidney disease.
She is prescribed a
total of 12 medications.
Medications are tough for me
because there are so
many, I have at least 12
and a few of them I take twice a day
so I try to keep track of everything
and it's really hard to do.
I live alone and I'm retired
and I'm on a fixed income
and I think, right now,
I'm up to about
$300 a month out of pocket expenses
and that's just for medications alone.
I worry and I don't
know what I'll do
if I don't keep my insurance,
because they do help pay for it.
Unbeknownst to Ms. Jones,
some of her brand name
prescriptions have effective
and cheaper generic
alternatives readily available.
If she was aware of this,
she could save more than $100 each month.
Ms. Jones has multiple physicians
and each has their own
electronic record keeping,
one even uses paper charts.
At 82 there are a lot
of doctors on my payroll,
besides my primary care, of course,
there's the nephrologist,
the cardiologist,
the pulmonologist, all of
these folks I have to see
and sometimes all within the same week
and then they all want to do tests
so when you see so many people,
sometimes you get tested
on two or three times,
the same exact test and
you're paying for it.
It's very frustrating,
it's also very tiring.
Her pulmonologist
recently scheduled her
for an echocardiogram
due to her chronically
worsening shortness of breath.
Just two weeks earlier she
underwent the same test
at another facility, her
cardiologist had ordered it
to check on her congestive
heart failure.
I had an echocardiogram
and, about halfway through it,
I started thinking that
I had a deja vu moment,
I had just had this
thing done a few days ago
and then my nephrologist, Dr. Sellers,
wanted to take blood and do blood work
and I realized I'd just
had blood work done
at my primary care doctor's,
just a week before,
I haven't even gotten the
results of these tests yet.
I know that they've got my
best interests at heart,
but the thing is, I do wish
they could talk to one another,
it sure would be helpful.